Haha youtube buddies amirite look at these phase one shitheads I can't believe they are so funny and quirky oh my god Why are they so annoying like we are actually members of the community Now michael is super amazing I wan't to be just like him youtube buddies are so funny hahahaha cmon lemme ping michael and tell him this amazing video I have OTV people are just a dumb bunch of brainlets their discord server is such a waste of life hahahaha we are soo much better than them we are so fucking awesome I want to shove a youtube buddy up my asshole right now oh my fucking god I am actually a phase 4 not a phase 2 like I actually am part of the community and am not a cancerous tumor in this server hahahaha Youtube buddy cannons are so cool and funny and quirky we should replace all guns with them oh my fucking god michael should make an army of robots that have youtube buddy cannons attatched to them that would be very epic like if you agree hahahahahhahahahahahh omg robot ideas a robot that is allowed to ping youtubes on discord servers that doesn't allows you to ping youtubers on a server that doesn't allow you it's gonna be so funny trolling haha uh oh stinky poop poop in pants haha a robot that sends me feet pics omg
LING LORE
Lmao waterboi did this

What the fuck did you just hecking say about me, you little ben? I'll have you know I graduated top of my class at blackberry, and I've been involved in numerous secret c++ commits on github, and I have over 300 confirmed inches between my eyes. I am trained in air force warfare and I'm the top coder in the entire blackberry office building. You are nothing to me but just another kid. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of canada has never seen before, mark my hecking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, hecker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of blackberry secretary's across canada and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, ben. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You're hecking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can extend the gap between my eyes in 700 ways, and that's just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in blackberry advertisement, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the Royal canadian air force and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable eyes off the face of the continent, you little frick. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little "clever" .magik was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your hecking fingers. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, you stupid hecker. I will poop blackberry phones all over you and you will drown in it. You're hecking dead, kyddo.


BEN / WATERBOI LORE

To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand waterboi's joke. The humour is extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of Ben's personality most of the jokes will go over a typical viewer's head. There's also waterboi's nihilistic outlook, which is deftly woven into his characterisation- his personal philosophy draws heavily from Ben Shapiro's tweets, for instance. The fans understand this stuff; they have the intellectual capacity to truly appreciate the depths of these jokes, to realise that they're not just funny- they say something deep about BEN. As a consequence people who dislike waterboi truly ARE idiots- of course they wouldn't appreciate, for instance, the humour in his existential catchphrase "first impression ben: meme; my impression ben now: meme," which itself is a cryptic reference to modern meme culture. I'm smirking right now just imagining one of those addlepated simpletons scratching their heads in confusion as Thomas Koppelaar's genius wit unfolds itself on their television screens. What fools.. how I pity them. :joy:

And yes, by the way, i DO have a Ben & waterboi tattoo. And no, you cannot see it. It's for the ladies' eyes only- and even then they have to demonstrate that they're within 5 IQ points of my own (preferably lower) beforehand. Nothin personnel kyd :sunglasses:



SERVER FAN FICTION/LORE/SHITPOST #1

		When I joined the Michael Reeves Discord server, I expected nothing more than complete shitposting 24/7. I expected something average with a little bit of Michael Reeves mixed in. What I instead found was the highest quality shitposting I had ever seen. While I had not seen Michael Reeves himself, I found more than enough in the shitposting department. From the doxxing of Ben’s girlfriend, to the flat plains that stretch between a certain Michael Ling’s eyes, I was instantly impressed. But what makes these shitposts different to, say, copypasta, or even Martin Luther’s original Ninety-five Theses, which are widely regarded as the first shitposts? After a decade spent making the pilgrimage from Michael Ling’s left eye through the valleys of the Wage Gap to his right eye, all the while doing extensive research and experimentation, I believe I have finally found the answer.

	Answering this question requires us to Self-Dox of 2018 go back in time, possibly years, to the births of all personalities involved in the Great. Unfortunately, due to time limitations, budget cuts, and the fact that Ben give bad PP succ, we cannot do this. We’ll just skip to the event itself. A server-wide voice call was started. Soon after, as things were heating up, a picture of Michael Ling himself was posted. His name was outed from his GitHub account and soon, his social media pictures were posted in high resolution 4K. A picture of Ling, with his tiny Asian-Canadian bulge bright and visible, in a bathroom selfie was the first one. This image, combined with the fact that he worked at BlackBerry, allowed for much discussion around him. Zooming into his face, thanks to images gathered from other pics, one could see his impressively large eye gap. The valleys and plains between them measured the length of a thousand suns and intrigued many, including me. It was at this point that I started my journey into the massive forehead of Michael Ling. With curiosity leading the way, I found myself crossing the “wage gap”, as it had been dubbed. After running the measurements through many algorithms on the state-of-the-art of supercomputing, the BlackBerry Priv, I realized that the eye gap might help Homosapien Lingus in ways one might not expect. While his close range vision might’ve been impeded, I realized that he must have incredible depth perception, possibly more powerful that the MicrosoftⓇ KinectⓇ. This lead me to question the universe and life as we know it, but ultimately, I blamed it on the DayQuilⓇ I take exclusively at night as I am a mad lad.

	The second part of my traversal that lead to the answering of my question starts with a Lyra Ceralandaria Vesara Rogers™. This Lyra™ character was also exposed during this Great Dox. While further research has lead to no known conclusive gender, my team and I have also considered the possibility that they have multiple, or changing genders. Like that one Poke-whore that fucks any other Pokemon no matter what, Lyra™ may be, in fact,  the complete gay. Their theoretical homosexuality, however, is not important. What matters is, instead, Lyra’s insane thiccness when it comes to her(citation needed) eyebrows. When I first opened up the crisp Super HD image of her powered by my SamsungⓇ Super AMOLEDⓇ Curved Display(Use offer code “actualhomosexual” for 10% off) , I immediately witnessed my screen be filled with the black forest that was her `brows. Not only did the Super AMOLEDⓇ technology allow me to see the furls and other details in the mass of hair that one might theoretically call “eyebrows”. I was also stunned by the insanely deep blacks (Other than Glock) I have ever seen thanks to aforementioned SamsungⓇ technology. This isn’t about how much I wanna bury my dick in those eyebrows, though. This is about the correlation between the thiccness of her ‘brows (henceforth referred to as Glockenspiels) and the wage gap. This correlation is also known as String Theory, and is slated to, if 100% proven, answer all our questions about the fabric of the universe. Previously, physicists were unable to prove this but, with this advancement, it may be possible. In fact, German physicist Vinex has been leading the charge when it comes to this new String Theory. He, along with his team of world class homosexuals, as well as his army of shitposters, including world-class material scientist and PornHub premium member waterboi, have been working for at least a decade now, and are sure to soon find a cure for SPPS, known as Smol PP Syndrome to many, including a certain Benjamin Kyd.

	Ben was known on the server for only one thing: his smol PP. Later on, however, we had learned about his “girl”friend Sophie(@soapibubbles on Twitter). I say “girl”friend because she appears to have a liquid gender, meaning she can change gender whenever she wants faster than you can say “stroopwafel”. We prefer to hide this fact as it creates a large hole in the aforementioned String Theory and has delayed research about 3 years. Now, however, Professor Vinex and his team (henceforth referred to as the meme machine) believe that it is just another variant of the big gay. It’s also possible that Ben lets Sophie rail her harder than the jets railed into the Twin Towers, but nobody gives enough of a shit to ask.  Ben was also known for having the mega retard. In collecting data through the Wage Gap, I believe I have found a correlation. In what I call “Daddy disorder”, I believe that a smol pp correlates to the big stupid in the equation r = 1s*IQwhere s = PP size and r = Big Retard/Stupid. This doesn’t stop Ben from trying and, inevitably, failing though. While not yet confirmed, this can possibly be attributed to small dick energy, a concept first described in the seminal paper “Inverse Correlation of PP Size to Boldness” by Reeves et. al which has been cited in many papers and research projects, including that of Vinex. It is also possible SPPS runs in the Kyd family, which is why they are compensating for it by apparently being rich. How else could such a faggot afford a GTX 1080?

	They say a picture is worth a thousand words but we have less budget than the NHS so fuck it: This ends the summation of my journey. A journey transcending time, space, more space, the wage gap, ‘brows, the SamsungⓇ Super AMOLEDⓇ Curved Display and research. I believe I have come upon the answer. That answer is: the memes. Think about it. This entire generation is tied together by only a few things: relatability, wanting to kill themselves, and the memes. Memes are the underlying fabric of the server, of Ling’s massive eyegap, Lyra’s thicc ‘brows. But memes are more than just that. Memes are the underlying fabric of the entire universe as we know it. Years of research by me, Vinex, waterboi, and the rest of the meme machine has come down to this. Whether it’s calling Glock gay or calling for donations to hurricane relief for Azimuth(though a furry), we are united together under the memes, driven by them. They are something greater than us yet so individualistic. Pushed by the atrocities committed by our ancestors, the pressure they put on us, the world they have left us with, we have nothing but memes to comfort us and to guide us through. Through this and the want to belong, we have found each other, on a niche corner of the internet in a chat server of some edgy youtube creator who uploads less than a dead baby. It is through this that we shitpost in a way no other has shitposted before from Martin Luther, to copypasta. Shitposts that keep us together and shitposts that tear us apart… Oh who am I kydding!? I’m high on taking Nyquil in the middle of the day this time. #madlad #ad #fuckingendme @soapibubbles on Twitter. The new BlackBerry Priv is available now and so is the SamsungⓇ Super AMOLEDⓇ Curved Display.

CHRISTMAS POEM/SHITPOST #2

Twas the month of december, and all through the server,
Not a ping was heard, not even a murmur! 
The lack of papa michael, which no one really cares -
To the use of arch,and the memes that we share!
Timezones naught worry, the chat’s never dead -
Only because none of us ever go to bed!
Ben saying epic, a meme that’s pure crap -
To proving that NyanNyan really isn’t a trap!
But oh, in general, there was chitter chatter,
Of how the no-nut soldiers can release their batter!
Berb’s jingly jumper, looking so cool and so flash,
To various complaints - when programs would crash!
Geek’s santa profile pics, now stealing the show,
Everyone asking, ‘can I have one bro?’
Calling each other virgins and names, we jest and jeer,
Not to mention how everyone’s sure fake and queer!
And to my research, and my surprise,
A lot of member’s dicks are quite large in size!
David’s shitposts, him being a twat,
Bringing up how I fell asleep in voice chat!
From fucking arch, to windows, to even a mac!
And the liars that say, ‘Yeah I’m full stack!’
With regional differences, and translating words,
Most of them australian, that no one has heard! :(
Hitting a million subs, that glorious night -
New members appearing, in the list on the right!
Moderator applications, wanting to be sworn in,
And various jokes, on how the fuck to close vim?
Oh we beg for an upload, pitch ideas one by one!
But who knows, when it’ll ever be done.
Tagged as ‘midget of the year’ because my growth is stunt…
Goddamnit Ben, fucking qUIT IT YOU CUNT
And on christmas eve, we check our inboxes,
Thankfully seeing no more useless doxxes!
With the patreons funding Michaels fortnite habit,
And just watching tv, right there on rabb.it!
The most used word probably being lmao,
And our active program being visual studio code,
We lie in wait of the next meme,
Or sit and recommend a game on steam!
They did surgery on a grape, we’ve repeatedly seen,
Making our own, as a collaborative team!
